				HOW TO OPEN AND CLOSE TERMINAL

	To open terminal is in two ways
1. Press home key on your keyboard and type terminal to start the terminal emulator also known as ( cli ) which means
command line interface.

2. Press keyboard combination ( ctrl + alt + t ) keyboard shortcut keys to start the terminal emulator also known as 
( cli ) which means command lines interface.

	TO CLOSE TERMINAL:
Inside the terminal type ( exit ) to close the terminal emulator also known as ( cli ) which means command lion
interface.

			TO INCREASE AND DECREASE THE TERMINAL PROMPT TEXT

  TO INCREASE:
Press keyboard combination (ctrl + shift+ ) to increase the terminal prompt text, the ( +) sign can be press multiple
times while still holding the ( ctrl + shift ) to increase thge prompt.

 TO DECREASE:

Press keyboard combination ( ctrl and - ) to decrease the terminal prompt text, the ( ctrl and - ) to decrease the
terminal prompt text, the (-) sign can be press multiple times while still holding ( ctrl ) to decrease the text 
prompt.

			HOW TO CREATE VITRTUAL ENVIRONMENT

  Definition of virtualenv:
Virtualenv allows us to create insulated system environment that will harm the main system of the make mistakes 
or run any malicious program or command, it will not affect our real operating system, but only our created virtualenv
will be affected or destroyed. 

  TO ACTIVATE VIRTUALENV:

Type ---> source name/bin/activate
e.g  ---> source damilare/bin/actiavte

 TO CREATE A DIRECTORY TO WRITE CODE:

A directory is where content lives
 Type ---> mkdir name ( name can be any name )
 e.g ---> mkdir playground

To change into the directory created or already existed: we use the command called ( cd ) 

cd ---> means change directory
Type ---> cd name ( name is a name of any) 


			KALI SYSTEM

The kali system is well organised, with index from ( 1 to 42 ) each index number has softwares that achieve the
goal of that index number.

			STUDIES AND DIRECTORY

We need to install the tor browser which allows us to do deep studies and discovery base on what we ask tor.

	HOW TO INSTALL TO BROWSER:

Open the terminal emulator and run this commands.
 Type ---> sudo apt-get install to browser launcher 

How to run tor for proper installation of tor:
 Type ---> tor browser_launcher
 After complete installation of tor:
To open tor press the ( window key ) search by typing ( tor browser ) click when found.

	HOW TO USE VIM EDITOR
 How to open file with vim editor:
Type ---> vim name ( name can be any name of a file )
e.g ---> vim handout.txt

 How to give read and write access to vim:
Press ---> i ( i means insert mode for read/write )

How to quit or exit out of the vim editor:
Press ---> esc ( esc means enter escape mode )
Press ---> shift + : ( shift + : means terminal mode )
Type ---> wq ( wq means write and quit ).


			INTRODUCTION TO PYTHON 
 
 What is python?
Python is one of the numerous computer languages that are gaining popularity everyday. Python is a general high-level
 language that is easy to learn and even easier tyo use.
Python styles and philosophy emphasies on code readability  and simplicity. The python syntax make it easy for
 programmer to write computer instructions in fewer lines of code compared to the number it would take to write
 similar instructions in other languages such as java, c++, c and javascript.

To view the core philosophy of python called Zen of python. first open python interpreter by typing python3
 and press enter key.
Type ---> import

	WRITING PYTHON SCRIPT/PROGRAMME
Every python script/programme must have suffix extension (.py) which denote that this is a python script/programme.

#				Means ---> pre-processor
!				Means ---> (NOT)
/usr/bin/env python3   		Means ---> the system hierarchy where python3 is stored.
python3 			Means ---> interpreter
print is a built-in python function.

	BASIC SYNTAX RULES IN PYTHON
Before we can delve further into learning to write code in python, there few universal python syntax rules you
grasp first. In this section, we will cover the must basic rules you need to get started with your very first 
python pogramme. We will learn more rules and best practices as will journey along.

	PYTHON IDENTIFIERS
An identifier is aname used to identify an object such as a variable modules, class, or function.
 In the python language, an identifier must begin with an alphabelt letter in uppercase (A to Z ),
 lowercase ( a to z ) or underscore (_) followed by more letters, underscores, or numeric digits. Python does 
not allow the use of punctuation characters such as (%,/,$, or @ ) within the identifier name.
It is also important to note that python is a case sensitive language. This means that an identifier (age)
is not the same as ( AGE ) or (Age).

	RESERVED WORDS OR KEYWORDS

There are a number of words written in lowercase letters that are reserved and cannot be used as constants,
variables, or variable identifiers.

Here is a table of these reserved words or keywords

and		assert		break		class		continue
def		del		elif		else		except
exec		finally		for		from		global
if		import		in		is		lambda
not		 or		pass		raise		return
try		while		with		yield		false
true		case		match		type		await
async		nonlocal	_



	
